kubeadm-upgrade: adjust note about node drain (#31323)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade.md

### Additional information

- The instructions below outline when to drain each node during the upgrade process.

> It is a required step before kubelet MINOR version upgrades. In the case of control plane nodes,

Reviewer: optional further improvement:
```suggestion
If you are performing a **major** or **minor** version upgrade for any kubelet, you **must**
first drain the node (or nodes) that you are upgrading. In the case of control plane nodes,
```

Author: updated to include the text as you recommended but excluded `major`.
there is no such thing as a major version upgrade of the kubelet yet, and who knows what requirements it will have when a new major lands.

they could be running CoreDNS Pods or other critical workloads. For more information see
[Draining nodes](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/).
- All containers are restarted after upgrade, because the container spec hash value is changed.

> 

Reviewer: optional further improvement: recommend upgrading nodes in batches (rather than all in one go, which may well break your workloads)

Author: actually, the two sections about control plane and worker upgrade already mention what is allowed:

```
## Upgrading control plane nodes

The upgrade procedure on control plane nodes should be executed one node at a time.
Pick a control plane node that you wish to upgrade first. It must have the `/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf` file.
```

```
## Upgrade worker nodes

The upgrade procedure on worker nodes should be executed one node at a time or few nodes at a time,
without compromising the minimum required capacity for running your workloads.
```
